Add NVIDIA Container Toolkit v1.17.7 release notes (#178)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: container-toolkit/release-notes.md

______________________________________________________________________

## NVIDIA Container Toolkit 1.17.7

This release of the NVIDIA Container Toolkit `v1.17.7` is a bugfix and minor feature release.

The following packages are included:

- `nvidia-container-toolkit 1.17.7`
- `nvidia-container-toolkit-base 1.17.7`
- `libnvidia-container-tools 1.17.7`
- `libnvidia-container1 1.17.7`

The following `container-toolkit` conatiners are included:

- `nvcr.io/nvidia/k8s/container-toolkit:v1.17.7-ubi8`
- `nvcr.io/nvidia/k8s/container-toolkit:v1.17.7-ubuntu20.04` (also as `nvcr.io/nvidia/k8s/container-toolkit:v1.17.7`)

### Fixes and Features
- Fixed mode detection on Thor-based systems. With this change, the runtime mode correctly resolves to `csv`.

> - Fixed the resolution of libraries in in the LDCache on ARM. This fixes CDI spec generation on ARM-based systems using NVML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the resolution of libraries in the LDCache on ARM. This fixes CDI spec generation on ARM-based systems using NVML.
```

______________________________________________________________________

## NVIDIA Container Toolkit 1.17.7

This release of the NVIDIA Container Toolkit `v1.17.7` is a bugfix and minor feature release.

### Known Issues

> There is a [known issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit/issues/1093) in this release that causes Enroot containers with Slurm to fail to load.

Author: I think the known issue links to the other one too. So let's reference the issue instead.

> There is a [known issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit/issues/1093) in this release that causes Enroot containers with Slurm to fail to load.

Author: ```suggestion
There is a [known issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit/issues/1093) in this release that causes unexpected failures when invoking `nvidia-container-cli` directly (e.g. Enroot containers with Slurm) or when older versions of the `nvidia-container-toolkit` and `nvidia-container-toolkit-base` packages are used with the latest `libnvidia-container-tools` and `libnvidia-container1` packages (e.g. when only pinning the `nvidia-contianer-toolkit` and `nvidia-container-toolkit-base` package versions).
```

> This happens because container flags are discarded in cases where no `cuda-compat-mode` flag is specified in `nvidia-container-cli configure` command. 

Author: ```suggestion
This happens because container flags are discarded when handling the default values of the `cuda-compat-mode` flag added to the `nvidia-container-cli configure` command in this release.
```

```{warning}

> It's strongly recommended that you continue to use Container Toolkit v1.17.6 and pin all dependencies to v1.17.6 until this issue is resolved in the next patch release.

Author: I want to add something like: "If you're affected" here since I don't want this to be a general recommendation.
